so our ultimate employee lounge has been
up and running for quite some time we
got xbox we got playstation we got
nintendo switch but the one thing
missing
is a freaking gaming pc now you guys
might remember that we actually had one
here before but that had to be taken
apart so that we could scavenge parts
from it for gaming at every price point
which we showed off at ltx so we've
actually had no functioning vr setup in
here at all
fortunately that changes today the mad
lads over at origin pc just sent over
what they are calling
the tetris pc
why tetris you might ask
well apparently there's like a vr
version of tetris that's like super
amazeballs or something and they built
an entire themed pc
around this game for us to check out
install and take for a test drive so
let's get it deployed and let's try out
some uh
tetris vr shall we should we give them a
sneak peek
oh come on just take care yeah man there
you go that's all you get
that's it just just roll the intro
[Music]
i got it
oh wow it's heavy holy crap
oh one two three
oh wow
not bad is that the name of the game
tetris it's a free kick awesome oh no
that wasn't the cool side
this is the cool side
we
got it wrong jake
that looks freaking awesome so this
config is about as crazy as it gets so
we've got a 3900x that's a 12 core amd
processor in there we're running on
msi's x570 god like motherboard which
about it is about as fully featured as
it gets it's like a 700 800 motherboard
like that something crazy like that
we've got a terabyte of pci express gen
4 storage courtesy of corsair we've got
corsair's dominator pro rgb memory which
apparently has been configured with like
a tetris block falling effect we've got
dual rtx 2080 supers and these are a
really interesting one to me because the
2080 super actually inherits the pcb of
the 2080 ti so
compared to buying a single 2080 ti if
your game supports sli two of these is a
very cost effective way to get mondo
frame rates so i'm really excited to try
this out in vr hilariously though as top
of the line as this thing is uh the
first thing we're gonna do before we
play any vr games
is upgrade it
not because the hardware is not fast but
because rather than just running our vr
with a tether like you know a bunch of
plebs
we're going to be using
y gig
so this right here is the 60 gigahertz y
gig card that comes with the vive
wireless kit so we're going to be taking
this headset
over yeah
and turning it into one that doesn't
have all this you know
i didn't want to have too much yeah too
much meow
okay
so we have to maintain these two slots
for sli um i think we're gonna have to
use this riser for the middle
and then we're gonna have to add a riser
right so here's the thing even though
amd has more pci express lanes on their
consumer chips than intel does
it comes down to the motherboard
manufacturers and the way that they
implement the splitting because even amd
doesn't have enough for you know a 16x
graphics card another 16x graphics card
and then like all these other slots to
have their full lane allotment so in
order to get sli working which means we
need a minimum of an 8x link on each of
our graphics cards we need to plug this
one into a slot that is wired through
the chipset so that's why jake is moving
the risers around right now so we've
moved our second graphics card into a
middle slot so that we can put our
wireless adapter there and then move the
other end of this adapter right here
into the bottom slot that's wired up
through the motherboard chipset then
we've added our own pci express riser
right here
in the middle we're going to plug this
one into the other what will be an 8x
slot and then our second graphics card
is going to plug in to this one which
wait where are we going to put it it
goes through here i actually had to cut
this to make it fit i see that
okay well that should work i mean it's
mostly supported by it's supported by
this and the envy link connector
card number one what that was fine you
gotta hold this back plate i did hold
the back plate i was holding it from the
bottom look
like that you're a liar not lying i was
holding it right like that i was holding
it from the back and i just squeezed my
hand like that i'm holding it for you
now no you're not holding it i'm holding
it see look see how i can move it away
from your hand like that see like
holding the graphics no no i'm holding
the bottom where oh you got your little
finger in there i see i have small hands
so ah right it's a it's an evolutionary
pc building advantage i was born to do
this all right so now
our wide gig card goes right there
so the bad news is that it's got a
graphics card right up against it that
is going to be making this heatsink work
like it's never worked before the good
news is that there's a fan right next to
it that should at least give it some
airflow across it that looks freaking
awesome and it's upgraded now
the shirt is also a wipe lttstore.com so
there it is guys our dual graphics cards
our y gig adapter and then that is that
is it that is all the expansion that
we'll be doing here and that's really
one of the best parts about buying an
origin pc not only do mods like this not
void your warranty but origin pc support
is there to help with them they offer
upgrade recommendations available direct
from their inventory and even free
installs if you're not comfortable doing
upgrades yourself you just have to ship
them over your system if you don't want
the hassle and worry of sending in your
system they can even walk you through
the upgrade over the phone email or live
chat for free 24 7 with their us-based
in-house customer service
the antenna on this thing is uh i'm
picking it up now pretty crazy payments
oh we're going we're going there you go
okay that's not too bad
i am gonna i'm gonna put these back down
here
all right let's get our peripherals
hooked up okay so i was trying to find
the uh the breakout box but we don't
need this we're gonna pull this off
right i think it goes forward yeah oh
yeah i've done that a few times
really yeah cause um
i replaced my cable
with like a thinner one or something
it's not actually that much thinner it's
just oh don't leave that one you want
the headphones right oh yeah yeah we
still need the headphone jack
okay so this is the wireless receiver
it's going to supply both power usb
audio and our display through the wide
gig antenna up there and you can go
pretty far and you can actually have up
to three of these things operating at
the same time in the same space i
actually didn't know that yeah but we're
just gonna use it for us because we
don't have friends
now this adapter is actually compatible
with the vive pro as well but you need
the vive pro
cable which only comes with the vive pro
version of the kit which
we don't have
and then the last component
so you don't actually have to use these
vibrant battery packs although that's
all that's going to fit in this little
strap thing you just have to use
something that has qualcomm quick charge
3.0 which coincidentally we have a
massive one before
wow
that would run for a while
maybe not the most comfortable thing you
might need a belt oh that's heavy but
this one works pretty good so yeah why
don't we just go with that stick with
that for now
there we go
hey
that's more like it
oh no way
wait what they went and they put tetra
stuff on the motherboard as well
what the heck
that's awesome
i'm actually really interested to see
how this performs like do you think it's
gonna be crappy
i don't know i mean they've let me point
the antenna a little better if the
marketing is to be believed it should be
basically the same latency as
the regular vr experience
you know i don't notice a difference
do you know if it's got to compress the
video stream a little bit right i've
been playing a lot on the index so i
will say that the image quality is a
significant
step down compared to what i've been
used to lately but in terms of the
latency it feels great i mean this is so
much better than wearing one of those
backpacks just because you just got a
little thing clipped and like
it does
the horns here do make the headset feel
a little bit heavier but it's not bad
okay so are we gonna do this tetris
thing first yeah i guess so
have you played this before tetris
what do you mean have i played tetris
before i'm old of course i've played
tetris
oh wait wait oh come on
it's just the controls i'm having
trouble with
three times what you've got you know
what the music's really good though i
can see how people could kind of just
like
you know groove to this these visual
effects are getting more intense
oh oh oh
shoot that was close
shoot i keep i just keep pressing the
wrong buttons like that's the issue
whoa
oh no no what are you doing
i keep pressing up instead of down
you're committing sudoku right now this
is not good okay
this one changes it this one there we go
this one changes
you might actually lose the first level
he might yeah
okay this is not my finest
gaming performance here what was that
that was me not knowing where to put
that okay you got one wow you only need
10 more lines oh wow
oh boy
oh boy this is not good
i'm sure all the tetris nerds are like
wow linus wtf yo
right about now i'm sure all the normies
who don't play tetris are like yo linus
wtford oh no no i wanted to turn it one
more time
you need seven more lines i can't i
can't do the controls i can't
ah
you heard it here first linus can't even
play the first level of tetris and we
literally have the performance metrics
like right on the screen i can't blame
the computer or the lag at all
it's like perfect
people are giving me a hard time about
like being winded after playing vr but
like if you're not winded you're not
doing it right
have you done this song before a little
bit
what the hell
154 combo he hasn't screwed up a single
one yet
yeah these are quite a bit heavier
man that was butter that was butter
smooth it's not 120 hertz but uh
it'll do
i gotta say i am
shocked how smooth this is
the performance or the wireless
i mean
the performance with this much
horsepower i was expecting it to be good
but this is a game that i'd be
particularly sensitive to latency in
just because the timing is pretty tight
for a lot of stuff
but it's
i can't tell
like if i didn't know i was wireless
i would have no idea
yeah i wonder if even in a blind taste
test if you'd be able to tell
no you don't think so absolutely not
yeah there's no way i'm like
yeah more frames per second would be
better more resolution would be better
but it's definitely not a latency issue
this is definitely a little more
demanding than uh beat saber we're up
around eight milliseconds eight and a
half milliseconds but we're still
comfortably under 11 which is all you
need for 90 hertz
pow pow pow pow pow pow pow pow pow pow
pow pow pow wow the accuracy sucks
there's like recoil and stuff
what do they want from me the real gun
no way
when a demon is staggered from taking
enough damage you can teleport into it
simultaneously obliterating it um okay
okay sure so that's the equivalent of a
glory kill oh
okay
that's gross blood everywhere
oh god ah
oh god
use the explody
thing oh what the crap oh boy
oh what
you're getting wrecked
yeah this is awesome i'm not seeing more
than like
seven milliseconds here in this like
relatively simple environment
oh dang it these guys lunge at the last
second
that is pretty good
i mean we're only standing in the spawn
area right now pull left trigger
to walk
but you don't want to watch oh my god
that is
very not that one
trey disorienting
which way do i go to the right that
portal over there that one okay oh i'm
gonna get sick isn't this insane
somebody collected these resources by
hand and like wow built this in a day
it's pretty impressive
how do i move again oh yeah there you go
okay you're flying okay and then oh
there's all the beacons so if you double
tap
the
pad again it'll make you go down
it's weird it's chugging but it's not
like gpu limited it feels like because
it's only like four milliseconds your
spss
oh no yeah it's only 47.
huh
that is um
actually feels very high
all right we're doing it boys
oh wow like my legs were like braced for
impact
oh there you go oh man i gotta like
crouch
just wait until you get outside
this has been quite the adventure
oh that is so much better i am so much
more comfortable right now
okay go back around to the buttons it's
fine now okay where are we going um
where are we going boys there we go okay
oh oh wow
oh that is so nauseating
oh my god this is a bad experience
okay it's running really smoothly and
that's cool but these stair step rails
i didn't try this before i don't know
what hurts more my head or my stomach
okay this is okay when i'm just on a
straightaway
this is pretty cool
no
oh wow
okay i'm done i'm out i'm done
oh
oh i feel so sick
why is it with videos with me you always
end up on the ground i don't know
i'm pretty sure you do it on purpose
i didn't i thought it would be
well cool
that's left now is a massive shout out
to origin pc for sending this over and
sponsoring this video and
uh an admission that we might not have
hooked it up just right when we like
mashed down on this cable uh that was
unnecessary they actually included a
right angle hdmi in the box so that you
can just go like that whoops
well now we know
yep that's a little better
so thanks for watching guys check out my
review of the valve index if you haven't
had quite enough ltt for one day